So here we're looking at a traffic coming into
the Google merchandise store through the social channel
for August 2016 and we do indeed see traffic coming in from Reddit.
In order to know what the traffic looks like,
we want to look at the source medium report first.
Here on the second page, we see that the Reddit.com traffic is referral traffic.
So, let's go take a look at the referrals
report to get a sense of what the traffic looks like.
It's the Reddit.com link.
Here we find referring links that send traffic to the Google online merchandise store.
Let's take a look at the main one.
It looks like a Reddit user was consulting
the network in a search for certain Google swag.
In doing so, he or she included a link to
the Google merchandise store and that link is sending people over to the store.